So we learned some basic formulas to use calculated columns
but if you look at that illustration here or at the title of the illustration to be more precise, you
can see that it's called calculated columns versus measures.
What's that
and what's the difference to a calculated column?
Well, the calculated column works as follows.
You perform an operation that generates results for each row of a table or of a column in your table
to be more precise.
This is what we just saw in the last video
and also in the data example.
So in this case, you use calculated columns.
Now what if you want to create an average of a column or the sum of a column,
so a single aggregated value, something like this.
Well in this case, you cannot calculate a calculated column because this retrieves results for each row
and you only want to have one result in the end
and this is where the measures come into play.
Now what these measures are and how these measures work especially, let's learn that in the next video.